Specify naming scheme of default service name (#556)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/configuration.md

### Zero-configuration support

To decrease onboarding friction,
APM agents MUST not require any configuration to send data to a local APM Server.
After onboarding, users can customize settings for which the defaults aren't appropriate.

By default, agents MUST send data to the APM Server at `http://localhost:8200/`.
If possible, agents SHOULD detect sensible defaults for `service.name` and `service.version`.

> Even if detecting these values is not possible, a default value for `service.name` MUST be provided for frictionless onboarding.
> The default name MUST be `unknown-${service.agent.name}-service`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In any case agents MUST include `service.name` - if discovering it is not possible then the default value: `unknown-${service.agent.name}-service` MUST be used.
```
